I made a car soucing business called DriveFinders Direct. It sources specific cars for the customer so it is easier for them to get the car they want. I chose this business because my friend and I were searching for a car recently so driving to multiple dealerships is a lot of hassle and time.
If there was a business that could source a car for you at an affordable price, it would save many people time. I chose the green and peach theme because I feel like the two compliment eachother well. It has this luxary type of feeling so I used it. The dotted background adds a similiar effect as well.
Every page has the footer and navbar at the top. The footer is for copyright purposes and the navbar allows the user to navigate between sites very easily.
The main page includes a eye grabbing car with an attention grabber. The user can read it and enter their email in to subscribe to our newsletters. Below that is our current promotions, to get more customers and help them save money.
The About Us page talks about the businesses background and the story behind it. 
The Gallery page shows the customers some cars we have sold and their prices. It shows their prices so customers can see how we sell cars at a very affordable rate.
The Testimonials page includes the reviews of many happy customers. It helps the business create a good reputation with the customer. Customers can also leave their own testimonial if they want to be added to the page. I added this because it is kind of cool how the user can show their honest review to others. It also makes the user feel like they are a part of the family at DriveFinders Direct.
Lastly, the Contact Us page has a form where the user can enter their information and questions/comments and submit it very easily. I added this so the customer has an easy and direct way to contact us, rather than calling a specific number or such. There is also the FAQs at the bottom incase the customer's question applies to one of those. It would save both the business and the customer time.
